Implement RateLimitPolicy (#4533)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: docs/proposals/rate-limiting.md

Note: The `Programmed` condition is part of the updated GEP-713 specification and should be implemented for this policy. Existing policies (ClientSettingsPolicy, UpstreamSettingsPolicy, ObservabilityPolicy) may not have implemented this condition yet and should be updated in future work.

> If multiple `RateLimitPolicies` affect the same resource, conflicts can occur if multiple policies attempt to set the same field. The affected fields are: `DryRun`, `LogLevel`, and `RejectCode`. If multiple policies attempt to set one of these fields, only the Policy created first will stay valid and `Accepted`, while the others will be invalid and will have the `Conflicted` Reason given to the `Accepted` Condition being false.

Reviewer: sounded a bit ambigious but does it mean this ?

```suggestion
When multiple RateLimitPolicies select the same target and specify any of dryRun, logLevel, or rejectCode, only one policy will be applied. The controller selects the policy with the highest priority (ties broken by …) and rejected policies will have Accepted Condition set to false with the reason `Conlicted`
```

As a consequence, there is no way to overwrite / negate a `RateLimitPolicy` from a Gateway by attaching another policy to the Route.

### Creating the Effective Policy in NGINX Config

The strategy for implementing the effective policy is:

- When a `RateLimitPolicy` is attached to a Gateway, generate a `limit_req_zone` directive, unique to that policy and rule index, at the `http` block. The `limit_req` directive and other NGINX directives setting log level, reject code, and dry run are also set at the `http` context.
- When a `RateLimitPolicy` is attached to an HTTPRoute or GRPCRoute, generate a singular `limit_req_zone`, unique to that policy and rule index, directive at the `http` block, and a `limit_req` directive at each of the `location` blocks generated for the Route. The other NGINX directives setting log level, reject code, and dry run are set at the `location` contexts.

> - When multiple `RateLimitPolicies` are attached to a Gateway, generate a unique `limit_req_zone` for each policy pair.

Author: Yea that makes sense, however, I'm pretty sure server blocks in NGINX correlate most closely with a Gateway's listener. And that listener can have multiple HTTPRoutes targeting it. Meaning, if we have 1 HTTPRoute with an RLP attached to a listener, and another HTTPRoute attached to the same listener, they would be in the same server block, but we don't want the RLP to affect the other HTTPRoute. 

For example when we have a simple Gateway and the tea/coffee routes attached to the same listener, both tea and coffee are in the same server block. Thus, policies attached at the Route level need to affect the location context.

> - When multiple `RateLimitPolicies` are attached to a Gateway, generate a unique `limit_req_zone` for each policy pair.

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation Ben, that makes sense. Having them at location blocks of the route it is part of makes sense.
